there's a spatula the main one in his
loved ones was to get
frozen frozen frozen for a couple of
moments
I'm but a donk all right
and if you're a real gangster your plane
is good yes
remember
hope you plan the same if your adventure
yes and if you're a gangster props for
being so gangster you know what I just
decided through the little campers you
think I do I care no care about any of
them I don't even know their names oh
whatever laughs out that i'm at the grab
one spot help me find Patrick I have a
task that I think he can help me with so
that's why gotta be Patrick whatever man
if you don't need me you don't need me
so I'll go be Patrick and then come back
talk to mr. Krabs and then just handle
the whole who blah on of that you know
get myself another gold spatula spot
away how am I oh my god on all the
campers through the woods and I'm not
receive this task yet yeah I feel like
I'm not gonna be able to beat the game
whoa look at you mr I'm hiding give me
all your monies move out of the way
Patrick to make character here
so where's the character changer I saw
okay it over there hope you enjoy your
blown up buffet hello mrs. puff I got
doing don't mind me I'm just the pink
star that's going right through don't
worry I won't tell mama
I wish we can move faster
now that we got that taken care of oh
boy battery's gonna die grey short video
once again hit when the battery de is it
ruins everything before I am the video
let's see what Patrick mr. Krabs had
thus and we can continue from there hi
mr. crowds what are you doing here oh hi
Patrick I'm trying to return three stone
t keys to this pedestal so I can get to
the kelp came across that bridge there
could be customers in there I saw three
teeki scattered around this area but the
old brain couldn't figure out how to get
them back up here
can I try sure why not I need a good
laugh Oh mr. crew you hate a good laugh
go screw yourself mr. Krabs hahahaha now
who has the last laugh